Refresh mobile session replay docs (#9080)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/mobile.mdx

---

> title: Mobile replays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Mobile session replay
```

Reviewer: Can we update the sidebar as well here?

---

> > 🚧 **NOTE:** Mobile recording is currently **only available on Android and iOS** and is considered `beta`. We are keen to gather as much feedback as possible so if you try this out please let us know. You can send feedback via the [in-app support panel](https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Asession_replay%3Alow) or one of our other [support options](/docs/support-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 🚧 **NOTE:** Mobile session replay is currently **only available on Android and iOS** and is considered `beta`. We are keen to gather as much feedback as possible so if you try this out please let us know. You can send feedback via the [in-app support panel](https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Asession_replay%3Alow) or one of our other [support options](/docs/support-options).
```

> Mobile replays allows you to record user sessions in mobile apps. This includes screen recordings, network requests, logs, and touches. This data can then be used to understand how users are interacting with your app and to identify bugs and issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mobile session replay enables you to record user sessions in mobile apps. This includes screen recordings, network requests, logs, and touches. This data can then be used to understand how users are interacting with your app and to identify bugs and issues.
```

## How it works

We have taken our time to make sure we provide a useful and detailed recording experience whilst keeping the performance and security of your app as a top priority. By default, the configuration is restrictive with automatic masking.

### Wireframe mode (default)

Mobile recording is primarily done using native APIs to grab the view hierarchy state when the screen is drawn. This is done carefully so as not to affect performance in any way a user may notice.

The view hierarchy is transformed to a JSON data structure and later rendered as an HTML [wireframe](https://www.figma.com/resource-library/what-is-wireframing/). Since it is a wireframe, the UI won't have the original look and feel but it should be close enough to understand the user's behavior.

Below is an example of a screen captured in wireframe mode in Android:

![Wireframe mode in mobile replay](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1722436140/posthog.com/contents/Screenshot_2024-07-31_at_3.27.44_PM.png)

### Screenshot mode

> If  `screenshot` (Android) or `screenshotMode` (iOS) option is enabled, the SDK will take a screenshot of the screen instead of making a wireframe representation of the user's screen. The screenshot may contain sensitive information, so proceed with caution and ensure you're masking all relevant views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `screenshot` (Android) or `screenshotMode` (iOS) option is enabled, the SDK will take a screenshot of the screen instead of a wireframe representation. The screenshot may contain sensitive information, so proceed with caution and ensure you're masking all relevant views.
```

Below is an example of a screen captured in screenshot mode in Android:

![Screenshot mode in mobile replay](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1722436140/posthog.com/contents/Screenshot_2024-07-31_at_3.16.16_PM.png)

> ## Android

Reviewer: It might be nice to split these out like we do here: https://posthog.com/docs/data-warehouse/setup

So we get a page named "Android session replay" and "iOS session replay". Makes it more searchable (both on site and SEO), can add more library specific details details. Index page can keep the similarities.

### Installation 

> [Install and configure PostHog]((/docs/libraries/android#installation)) as you normally would. Ensure you've enabled session recordings in your [project settings](/docs/session-replay/installation#step-two-enable-session-recordings-in-your-project-settings) and then add `sessionReplay = true` to your PostHog configuration, alongside any of your other configuration options.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Install and configure PostHog]((/docs/libraries/android#installation)) as you normally would. Ensure you've enabled session recordings in your [project settings](/docs/session-replay/installation#step-two-enable-session-recordings-in-your-project-settings) and then add `sessionReplay = true` to your PostHog configuration alongside any of your other configuration options.  
```

```android_kotlin
val config = PostHogAndroidConfig(apiKey = "<ph_project_api_key>").apply {
    // Enable session recording. Requires enabling in your project settings as well.
    // Default is false.
    sessionReplay = true

    // Whether text inputs are masked. Default is true.

>     // This isn't supported if using Jetpack Compose views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // This isn't supported for Jetpack Compose views.
```

    // Password inputs are always masked regardless
    sessionReplayConfig.maskAllTextInputs = true

    // Whether images are masked. Default is true.

>     // This isn't supported if using Jetpack Compose views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // This isn't supported for Jetpack Compose views.
```

    .build()
```

> Note that only metric-like data like speed, size, and response code are captured. No data is captured from the request or response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Only metric-like data like speed, size, and response code are captured. No data is captured from the request or response body.
```

#### Masking and redacting

> > 🚧 **NOTE:** Currently, this isn't supported if using Jetpack Compose views. We're investigating this issue.

Reviewer: Do we have a GitHub issue to point people to?
```suggestion
> 🚧 **Note:** Currently, this isn't supported for Jetpack Compose views. We're investigating this issue.
```

Author: I dont think @marandaneto has made one?

Reviewer 2: nope, still out on sick leave but will do once I am back

Your replays may contain sensitive information. For example, if you're building a banking app you may not want to capture how much money a user has in their account. 

> To replace any type of `View` with a redacted version in the replay, set the [tag](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/View#tags) to `ph-no-capture`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To replace any type of `View` with a redacted version in the recording, set the [tag](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/View#tags) to `ph-no-capture`.
```

### Limitations

> - Session replay Requires PostHog Android SDK version >= [3.4.0](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-android/releases), and it's recommended to always use the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Session replay requires PostHog Android SDK version >= [3.4.0](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-android/releases), and it's recommended to always use the latest version.
```

- Requires Android API >= 26.
- Jetpack Compose is only supported if `screenshotMode` is enabled.
  - Masking and redacting in Jetpack Compose isn't supported yet. We're investigating this issue.
- Custom views are partly supported, and only fully supported if `screenshotMode`  is enabled.
- WebView is not supported. A placeholder will be shown.
- Keyboard is not supported. A placeholder will be shown.
- React Native and Flutter for Android aren't supported.

## iOS

### Installation

> [Install and configure PostHog]((/docs/libraries/ios#installation)) as you normally would. Ensure you've enabled session recordings in your [project settings](/docs/session-replay/installation#step-two-enable-session-recordings-in-your-project-settings) and then add `config.sessionReplay = true` to your PostHog configuration, alongside any of your other configuration options.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Install and configure PostHog]((/docs/libraries/ios#installation)) as you normally would. Ensure you've enabled session recordings in your [project settings](/docs/session-replay/installation#step-two-enable-session-recordings-in-your-project-settings) and then add `config.sessionReplay = true` to your PostHog configuration alongside any of your other configuration options.  
```

```swift
let config = PostHogConfig(apiKey: apiKey)
// Enable session recording. Requires enabling in your project settings as well.
// Default is false.
config.sessionReplay = true

// Whether text inputs are masked. Default is true.

> // This isn't supported if using Jetpack Compose views.

Reviewer: Jetpack Compose is an android thing
```suggestion
```

// Password inputs are always masked regardless
config.sessionReplayConfig.maskAllTextInputs = true

// Whether images are masked. Default is true.
config.sessionReplayConfig.maskAllImages = true

// Whether network requests are captured in recordings. Default is true

> // Note that only metric-like data like speed, size, and response code are captured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only metric-like data like speed, size, and response code are captured. 
```

### Limitations

- Requires PostHog iOS SDK version >= [3.6.0](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-ios/releases), and it's recommended to always use the latest version.
- [SwiftUI](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/swiftui/) is only supported if the `screenshotMode` option is enabled.
  - `Text` views in SwiftUI are considered images, so they are masked unless `maskAllImages` is disabled. 

> - Replays are representation of the user's screen, not a video recording nor a screenshot (unless `screenshot` mode is enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replays are representation of the user's screen, not a video recording.
```
